Use knex to create, run, rollback migrations with samples (#24)
leapfrogtechnology/sync-db: examples/node-app-mssql/README.md

$ yarn
```

Configure database connection(s) in the `connections.sync-db.json`.

```bash
$ cp connections.sync-db.json.example connections.sync-db.json
```

## Migrations

Create a configuration file `knexfile.ts` in the root directory.

```js
import { connections } from './connections.sync-db';

module.exports = {
  client: 'mssql',
  connection: connections[0],
  migrations: {

>     directory: './src/sql/migrations',

Reviewer: Please add the migration files as well. Where is the code? Do we not need it?

cc @kabirbaidhya

Author: To add migration files the [Migration](https://github.com/p0k8h/sync-db/tree/sample-tables-using-knex-migrations/examples/node-app-mssql#migrations) procedure should be followed.

Which will create a new `knexfile.ts` config file and adding scripts on `package.json`.

Should I proceed?

$ yarn
```

Configure database connection(s) in the `connections.sync-db.json`.

```bash
$ cp connections.sync-db.json.example connections.sync-db.json
```

## Migrations

Create a configuration file `knexfile.ts` in the root directory.

```js

> import { connections } from "./connections.sync-db";

Reviewer: We prefer `single-quotes`. Let's use single quotes in the js code snippets README as well?

module.exports = {
  client: "mssql",
  connection: connections[0],
  migrations: {
    directory: "./src/sql/migrations",
    tableName: "knex_migrations"
  }
};
```

> Let's add scripts to create, run and rollback migrations in `package.json` file

Reviewer: `:` ind the end.

```
"make": "knex --knexfile=knexfile.ts migrate:make -x ts",
"migrate": "knex --knexfile=knexfile.ts migrate:latest",
"rollback": "knex --knexfile=knexfile.ts migrate:rollback"
```

## Creating/Dropping Tables

Create a migration file for users table using the `make` script in `package.json`. Run the following command from the root of the project:

```
$ yarn make create_users_table
```

The above command will generate a migration script in `src/sql/migrations/`.

> Now we'll create users table using knex built-in methods

Reviewer: Don't think we need this.

Example: `20191122122354_create_users_table.ts`

```js
exports.up = function(knex, Promise) {

>   return knex.schema.createTable("users", function(table) {

Reviewer: Same. single quotes here too.

    table.increments();
    table.string("email").notNullable();
    table.string("password").notNullable();
    table.timestamp("created_at").defaultTo(knex.fn.now());
    table.timestamp("updated_at").defaultTo(knex.fn.now());
  });
};

exports.down = function(knex, Promise) {
  return knex.schema.dropTable("users");
};
```

> Now we can run the below command performing a migration and updating our database:

Reviewer: Try to avoid `we`.

```suggestion
Run the command below to perform a migration:
```

```
$ yarn migrate
```

> for rollback use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For rollback
```

$ yarn
```

Configure database connection(s) in the `connections.sync-db.json`.

```bash
$ cp connections.sync-db.json.example connections.sync-db.json
```

## Migrations

Create a configuration file `knexfile.ts` in the root directory.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

> 

Reviewer: Remove new line here.

import { connections } from './connections.sync-db';

module.exports = {
  client: "mssql",
  connection: connections[0],
  migrations: {
    directory: "./src/sql/migrations",
    tableName: "knex_migrations"
  }
};
```

> Let's create the scripts to create, run and rollback migrations in `package.json` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's add scripts to create, run and rollback migrations in `package.json` file
```

```
"make": "knex --knexfile=knexfile.ts migrate:make -x ts",
"migrate": "knex --knexfile=knexfile.ts migrate:latest",
"rollback": "knex --knexfile=knexfile.ts migrate:rollback"
```

## Creating/Dropping Tables

> Let's create a migration file for user using the script. In the root of our project run the following commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a migration file for users table using the `make` script in `package.json`. Run the following command from the root of the project:
```

```
$ yarn make create_users_table
```

> The above command will generate a migration script in `src/sql/migrations/`

Reviewer: End with a full stop.

Now we'll create users table using knex built-in methods

Example: `20191122122354_create_users_table.ts`

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

$ yarn
```

Configure database connection(s) in the `connections.sync-db.json`.

```bash
$ cp connections.sync-db.json.example connections.sync-db.json
```

## Running

Run the command below to perform a migration:

> ```

Reviewer: New line.

```

Then run (in order).

```bash
$ docker-compose up mssql
$ docker-compose up app
```

> # Node MSSQL Example (JavaScript)

Reviewer: Remove everything above this? Some of the items above this is duplicate.

Author: Removed the duplicates.

## Docker

> Set `DB_PASSWORD` (password for `SA` user) in environment. e.g

Reviewer: `e.g.`
